[PL-38188] Update delegate YAML samples - add comments (#6194)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/delegate-reference/YAML/example-kubernetes-manifest-harness-delegate.md

> Go to the following for an example of a Kubernetes manifest you can use to configure Harness Delegate and the Helm chart default `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the following for an example of a Kubernetes manifest that you can use to configure Harness Delegate and the Helm chart default `values.yaml` file.
```

      containers:
      - image: PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_IMAGE  # please do not use harness/delegate:latest
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        name: delegate
        securityContext:
          allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
          runAsUser: 0
        ports:
          - containerPort: 8080
        resources:
          limits:
            memory: "2048Mi"
          requests:
            cpu: "0.5"
            memory: "2048Mi"
        livenessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /api/health
            port: 3460
            scheme: HTTP
          initialDelaySeconds: 10
          periodSeconds: 60
          failureThreshold: 5
        startupProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /api/health
            port: 3460
            scheme: HTTP
          initialDelaySeconds: 30
          periodSeconds: 10
          failureThreshold: 15
        envFrom:
        - secretRef:
            name: PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME-account-token
        env:
        - name: JAVA_OPTS
          value: "-Xms64M"
        # Add other environment variables as needed

---

# Define Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for the delegate
apiVersion: autoscaling/v1
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:

>    name: kubernetes-delegate-hpa

Reviewer 2: Sorry found one more place that I missed previously. I'll approve since this name is allowed to be anything, but you might want it to be consistent.

Author: Thanks @mdmilic!

>    name: kubernetes-delegate-hpa

Author: ```suggestion
   name: PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME
```

   namespace: harness-delegate-ng
   labels:

>        harness.io/name: kubernetes-delegate

Reviewer 2: `PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME` instead of `kubernetes-delegate`.
Just an FYI, the names as such are actually not that important to match, what's important are labels and selectors, but to keep the things sane we name all the related resources with the same prefix (i.e. delegate name)

>        harness.io/name: kubernetes-delegate

Author: ```suggestion
       harness.io/name: PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME
```

spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment

>     name: kubernetes-delegate

Reviewer 2: `PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME`

>     name: kubernetes-delegate

Author: ```suggestion
    name: PUT_YOUR_DELEGATE_NAME
```

  initialDelaySeconds: 30
  periodSeconds: 20
  failureThreshold: 3
  timeoutSeconds: 1

# Add delegate description and tags.
description: ""
tags: ""

# Permissions for the installed delegate, could be CLUSTER_ADMIN, CLUSTER_VIEWER, or NAMESPACE_ADMIN.
# For using a custom role: Create a role in the Kubernetes cluster and refer to the role in the k8sPermissionsType field.
# For example, if your custom role name is custom-role, then you need to add k8sPermissionsType: "custom-role".
k8sPermissionsType: "CLUSTER_ADMIN"

# Number of pod replicas running the delegate image.
replicas: 1

# The deployment strategy. Can be "RollingUpdate" or "Recreate". Can be useful if a rolling update is not
# possible due to custom volumes or mounts that can only be attached to a single pod.
deploymentStrategy: "RollingUpdate"

# Resource limits of the container running the delegate image in Kubernetes.
cpu: 1
memory: 2048

# Script to run before delegate installation.
initScript: ""

# This is a constant, don't change this.
delegateType: "HELM_DELEGATE"

javaOpts: "-Xms64M"

upgrader:
  enabled: true
  upgraderDockerImage: "harness/upgrader:latest"
  cronJobServiceAccountName: "upgrader-cronjob-sa"

>   # Use an existing Secret which stores the UPGRADER_TOKEN key instead of creating a new one. The value should be set with the `UPGRADER_TOKEN` key inside the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Use an existing Secret that stores the UPGRADER_TOKEN key instead of creating a new one. The value should be set with the `UPGRADER_TOKEN` key inside the secret.
```

  ## The use of external secrets allows you to manage credentials from external tools like Vault, 1Password, SealedSecrets, among others.
  ## If set, this parameter takes precedence over "upgraderToken".
  ## Recommendations:
  ## - Use different Secrets names for `existingUpgraderToken` and `existingDelegateToken`.
  ## - Do not use Secrets managed by other Helm deployments.
  existingUpgraderToken: ""

# This field is DEPRECATED, DON'T OVERRIDE/USE THIS!!
# To set root/non-root access and other security context, use the delegateSecurityContext field below.
# Not removing this field to maintain backward compatibility.
securityContext:
  runAsRoot: true

# Set security context for delegate.
delegateSecurityContext:
  allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
  runAsUser: 0

nextGen: true

> # Below are the required fields, no default values are populated for these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Below are the required fields. No default values are populated for these.
```

# This is the LEGACY way to add a cert; we recommend using destinationCaPath. Please follow the document:
# https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/configure-a-kubernetes-build-farm-to-use-self-signed-certificates/
shared_certificates:
  # Location in the delegate to which the ca_bundle will be mounted or a location in the custom delegate image to which the
  # CA chain has already been placed as part of creating the custom delegate image.
  certs_path: /shared/customer-artifacts/certificates/ca.bundle
  # Example Certificate Chain (Multi-line files).
  # ca_bundle should be the text of the CA Bundle to include in a secret.
  #
  # Note: when defined, the secret will be mounted to the certs_path location on the delegate.
  ca_bundle: # |
  #   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  #   XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  #   -----END CERTIFICATE-------
  #   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  #   XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  #   -----END CERTIFICATE-------

>   # CI Mount targets are the locations that the secrets should be mounted in the CI Images. This will share any CA chain defined in the certs_path key to any CI image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # CI Mount targets are the locations where the secrets should be mounted in the CI Images. This will share any CA chain defined in the certs_path key to any CI image
```

  # - name: DELEGATE_TASK_CAPACITY
  #   value: "10"

# Mounts for the delegate pod.
custom_mounts:
  # - name: certs
  #   mountPath: /shared/customer-artifacts/certificates/

# Volumes to add to the delegate container.
custom_volumes:
  # - name: certs
  #   persistentVolumeClaim:
  #     claimName: harness-delegate-ng-certs

# Minimum number of seconds for which a newly-created Pod should be ready without any of its containers crashing, for it to be considered available.
# This is set for improving stability during upgrade. It will tell Kubernetes to wait at least this amount of seconds before removing the old pod after the new one becomes ready.
minReadySeconds: 120

# Enable the cluster role needed for CCM cost visibility.
# Not needed if k8sPermissionsType: "CLUSTER_ADMIN" is specified.
ccm:
  visibility: false

# Use this field to add additional labels.
additionalLabels: {}
#  nologging: "true"

dnsConfig: {}
#  nameservers:
#    - 1.2.3.4
#  searches:
#    - ns1.svc.cluster-domain.example
#    - my.dns.search.suffix
#  options:
#    - name: ndots
#      value: "2"
#    - name: edns0

dnsPolicy: ""

upgraderCustomCa:
  secretName:

delegateCustomCa:
  secretName:

> # This is the recommended way of using custom certs with CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This is the recommended way to use custom certs with CI.
```

> # Refer to: https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/k8s-build-infrastructure/configure-a-kubernetes-build-farm-to-use-self-signed-certificates/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For more information, go to https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/k8s-build-infrastructure/configure-a-kubernetes-build-farm-to-use-self-signed-certificates/
```
